Hey !
Delicious
It is no good new Korean noodles
But
It is finished red
What's in it ?
Chili pepper flakes are included
Shiitake It also contains something
Ginseng after
The fact that from the horse I
I will try to open it for a while
When I open this lid, it contains powder soup.
Take this out
In the cup
I will put it in
Yes
To cup
Cut pepper
Impression
Vegetables are included I will put in hot water from now
Oh
came
There is no smell of pepper
I will go
The soup is very red
We will continue to very is still the smell of pepper
Follow
I will try to eat
Huh Hahha'
A little
Well good and spicy Day
In the cup ramen in I
this
I thought cup noodles would be delicious
4 or more
I would like to buy again
Superstition that is more than a cup
It was delicious